[Music]
very good my dears also from the
heart I hope you are enjoying
the day and well at this time I have
more or less reviewed most of the
publications that there are regarding the tribute
concert
tribute in quotes because about
no tribute to Rocío Jurado
what happened yesterday was
quite regrettable political propaganda quite ridiculous and
once again to exalt the figure of
Rocío Carrasco as an abused woman it is
worth it for her to once again put
the label of abused woman on herself
while justice has not done so
and what we have well we are
reviewing the publications there are
both stories of integrated
people who have attended as well as clicks of
videos that are on Twitter of people
who were in the audience in a good
area and also in some magazines well they have
published some articles
with videos
the end of the people who were invited and
of Carrasco herself and as I tell you it is a
total political campaign the only thing
missing is our dear Minister of
Equality
and they announced recently last week
a budget of 20 million twenty
billion
in feminist politics while
we have  2000 in justice in something as
important as justice 2500 in
something else like culture, no, for
4.5 billion in education but
well, I'll leave that for another video
because you always scold me no and you tell me to
talk about politics on the program so you can
see everything it has to do with to
start with, Rocío Carrasco gave us a
7 minute feminist speech saying
how proud her mother would be if she
saw the politician regardless of the
colors that they were talking about her
to support her well that's not entirely like that
regardless of the colors either
I believe that the colors are always the
same okay red and purple and
our dear minister it surprises me
a lot that she wasn't there yesterday and from
Montero she would surely call her on the
phone or make some cameo we
will find out during the next few hours
and we will see what she broadcasts on Friday
no because apparently although they canceled
the live broadcast they are going to
broadcast it
in deferred no I don't know if she will
edit it no I don't know why they did it like that
but come on the presenters a thousand
headquarters millais the  another yes they were
there
Rocío Carrasco in that speech well she
proclaimed herself again or self in ticket or
call it whatever you want
abused women not referring to her as
me and women like me
like a victim of
gender violence and also mentions
vicarious violence okay all this
while she continues not to care and not
move a thread to have contact with
her children okay because because they love us she is
not interested she has many things to
do right now and says that she is not
ready because potato okay yes
yes with her purple nails with her
purple nails to be a good feminist
as far as I understand this girl
ideologically has always been very
right-wing okay I don't know if it's true they have
said it on several radio programs
but let's see remember other stories that
we live in where women who have
been anti-feminist I'm not saying Rocío
Carrasco be the case in that I don't know I don't
know much about her intimately but I have
lived through what women have been
through and criticism in feminism
joining the wave as if they cared a
lot about feminism no and suddenly I am
very much for podemos  I
am very feminist I give feminist speeches
because it is in their interest for their
personal battle, side of the personal battle
for me in this case of Rocío Carrasco
it is her war against Antonio David and she
wants to bring him down and with that she takes on whoever it may
be even if it has to
be her children that is my personal opinion
then on the other hand we now had
Carlota Corredera with a lot of prominence
very proud she calls us very it was
obvious she was well being there not like very
proud not like I have my places
here I am not Rocío Carrasco's friend and I
am the feminist who is here also
on stage for such not
completely regrettable
some of the facts of this tribute in
quotation marks and we should put them very in
quotation marks because any son who adores
his father would not pay this type of
tribute to him would not put the image of his
father in this type of circus okay because
the theme of the concert is going to
be a concert singing the
mother's songs it's very good listen if you
want to put it on the 8th m for the theme of
Women's Day and to celebrate Women's Day  that's
not bad there's
absolutely nothing wrong with it and it doesn't hurt
anyone, I mean they're singers, and
very good singers, great
artists interpreting their
mother's songs but of course everything gets a
bit messed up when we have a Mercedes Mila going
up on stage with a Satisfier
in her hand saying that she doesn't need
anyone
well Rocío Juradó not only had
a husband that she loved no and she died very much
in love but she also had an ex-
husband
thanks to him well thanks to him with him
thanks to both of them it was a little strange but
well yes she did have a relationship that was the
fruit Rocío Carrasco okay
Rocío Carrasco's father and apart from that he also
has a son he had a son José Fernando
no so that thing about you going up on
stage for a Satisfier showing off
that you don't need a man Mercedes
Mila well you won't need it in
your life then on the other hand we have the
embarrassing subject of are you afraid of
our tits sung by
Rigoberta it's not there it's called well it's
a song and not feminists  they've
put themselves in this year's mode and it seems to me
at least many are not ridiculous either
I find it lamentable
or I mean I find the song a disgrace
who's afraid of a real athlete
nobody is afraid of boobs or I mean I do
n't know where they get those slogans and
stuff and based on the fact that it's not like the issue
of
when you talk about the wage gap today there is a
wage gap it
shouldn't be legal because when you
claim against the
wage gap it's not that in some companies they
pay men more for being men and even
less to women for the same
job it's like well you
're claiming if that is already illegal
in this country it
is already illegal if you know of any company
that does that and for the same
job pays men differently than
women please report them they don't care
already the finish Yolanda Ramos on
stage when they are all applauding
satiated with the photos there are no strokes and
such Yolanda Ramos in the middle of the stage
turning around to the audience and
lifting up her dress shows us her panties we
couldn't if we wanted things
Ordinary, well, we could have put a
line there on the stage doing the
croquette, okay, but oh well, it's not
bad either, Yolanda Ramos lifting up her
dress and showing her panties as if it
were a joke, no, that
's the feminist tribute that the one
who
broadcasts on Friday sent to her mother, how they paint
Friday, but on social media we can see
these types of images, they are reading in
the comments box, tell me what you
think and I send you a huge hug,
family
[Music]